[Music]
it's the end of a dictatorship the
symbols of a dynasty lie smashed this is
what's left after 42 years of Gaddafi's
quixotic rule he was spreading the green
book and the ideology and it went into
his brain I mean he thought he was too
big for Libya a new revolution is
overthrowing the old at a price you will
rub out life whenever it suits him
whatever he feels any kind of threat in
1969 he overthrew a monarchy in 2011 he
joined the roll call of dictators swept
away by people power but how did this
revolutionary once courted by world
leaders so dramatically halt is he
capable of making rational decisions to
save himself and of course his people
from the destruction he was wreaking
upon them did his regime his family
self-destruct or were they simply
overtaken by history he thinks he can do
something but I needed to be he's just
missing
[Music]
February 2011 the protests that would
come to be known as the Arab Spring
were taking hold in Libya the call was
for changed but it wasn't yet clear if
that meant the end of Gaddafi's
dictatorship how do you thought ah let
me hop a flower head kind of Jamie
really Emir and one of them is lucky
because of your selfish father Wyeth
aware of the unrest in Tunisia and Egypt
members of the Libyan government were
meeting to discuss their own response
Mustafa Abdul Jalil a judge known for
his independence was Gaddafi's Minister
of Justice he would soon defect becoming
the first leader of Libya's
revolutionary government the National
Transitional Council
we could have Williams for a 70 minute
was he an
come upon current apollon bill how happy
bar
we two human DNA
contrition at the third early key field
Tommy Markin hadn't appeared when at the
Italian metal undergone with a
horizontal Aruna
so for anyone in reality when the
demonstrators did take to the streets
they were confronted with organized
violence from government mercenaries
Jalil decided to go to his hometown Al
Bayda near Benghazi he'd been told
there'd be a demonstration there
reticulated them may have Marcus Oshiro
workers in America was sushi that with
anything
you know me tell you about that temper
definitely Shahid a mean what's to she'd
every decade sometimes I hate that the
death brought thousands more onto the
streets
abdul jalil never returned to his post
in the Gaddafi government just satellite
[Music]
major-general Robin Searby
is a specialist in security and
counterterrorism in North Africa and
since 2004 has been intimately involved
in Britain's relationship with Libya at
the highest level throughout the
Revolution he was a frequent visitor to
Whitehall
and contributed to the British
government's strategy on Libya places
like Czar we're which is 700 miles west
of Benghazi where I was a flame Gary and
south of tripoli is in town now loot
but at that time when they were poaching
the Gaddafi machinery was centrally out
of control by inside the middle of
Tripoli once time there was gunfire no
panic the Gaddafi regime has taken it
off bounds Amina guida a retired Army
colonel became one of the commanders of
the Tripoli Brigade he was one of the
first senior officers who had served in
Gaddafi's army to defect
[Music]
Shirley mutters was he I could keep
jamming in the mood I said gosh I've had
a meeting of some other chocolate
decadence or whatever no one could
foretell what it might take to unseat
Gaddafi but everyone understood he would
not go without a fight
possibly to the death sincerity and
affinity models be holy
abdul-hakeem Val Hajj I found a member
of the Libyan Islamic fighting group
fled to Afghanistan in 1998 after you
orchestrated three unsuccessful
assassination attempts on Gaddafi in
2004 he was arrested in kuala lumper and
illegally transferred by the CIA with
the help of the British to Libya there
he was imprisoned in Abu Salim jail
until 2010 and released just a few
months before the uprising
well how alert a little itty how Olivier
le Buena Jimmy an unusually tough loser
shall believe him at Heather near on the
mobility and a scurry made any a
shabbily he looked at a foreshadow hehe
what I was right he can in the shifting
sands of international politics could
the revolutionaries of the 17th of
February expect any help from outside
[Music]
became obvious what Gaddafi was
intending to do in Benghazi Alastair
Burt is Undersecretary of State at the
British Foreign and Commonwealth Office
the Foreign Secretary William Hague's
deputy to chase people down like rats
and go through street by street house by
house it seemed to us that was a
declared intention of potential Massacre
that could not be ignored I'm pretty
sure within the British government that
was the moment that the mind became set
what on earth can we do to prevent this
but international involvement in Libya
would be seen as setting a new precedent
in the Arab region nevertheless by the
14th of March at a meeting of the g8
leaders in Paris the decision to act was
made a we cannot stand idly by when a
tyrant tells his people that there will
be no mercy and is forced to step up
their assaults on cities like Benghazi
Robin this time would Gaddafi be able to
put out the flames
he wrote the green book he is a
revolutionary he is his life is a
revolutionary right he's very proud of
it I just can't see him retreating from
it in any way from the outset Gaddafi's
Libya was in a state of constant
revolution
the bloodless coup in 1969 that ten
years after independence brought him to
power was seen as a popular revolution
sweeping away the corrupt pro-western
monarchy of King Idris Gadhafi then only
27 years old created what he termed a
Jamahiriya or People's Republic by the
1970s
Gaddafi had started to export his own
brand of world revolution by supporting
a variety of groups you still provide
material aid to the IRA we support the
struggle of these people to restore
their independence from the old days he
was supporting the button mine oven the
Red Brigades an itty-bitty Muslim
Filipinos you name it any so-called
liberation movements he was you know
supporting that Salim Amaya is a Libyan
resources expert he watched from London
as the regime disintegrated and he was
spreading the green book and the
ideology and it went into his brain I
mean he thought he was too big for Libya
hence the entitlement of king of the
Kings he will stop at nothing life means
nothing to him it will rub our life
whenever it suits him whenever he feels
any kind of threat by the 1980s almost
any Libyan who opposed him was either
dead imprisoned or in exile in the 80s
early 80s do you have to sit down and
explain to people that don't listen this
guy is not good this revolution people
are ready he didn't have to do a lot of
talking
hisham bahagia who runs a carpet
business in tripoli joined the
revolution early in 2011 but this was
not the first time he tried to overthrow
Gaddafi my story with Gaddafi I started
in the opposition in 1981 with the
National Front of salvation of Libya I
had special training camps in Iraq okay
that was the countries who really
opposed to Gaddafi that's the time and
then again in Syria we had a training
camp in 1985 but okay
we failed actually to to have the
support of the world with us and to see
our case there's always been trouble
anyone thinks that the term Libya has
been a sea of tranquillity with
peace-loving people bathing in the
warmth of their leaders smiles then they
are quite wrong there's been there's
always British trouble trouble here
trouble there Gaddafi like so many
dictators lived in perpetual fear of
assassination but Gaddafi took his war
with the opposition outside Libya
by the 1980s he was using Libya's
embassies which he'd renamed people's
Bureau as basis from which to carry out
killings a diplomat called Moussa Koussa
later his foreign minister was his
henchman in London as well as
liquidating troublesome Libyan exiles in
1984 a young British police woman called
Yvonne Fletcher was shot dead outside
the London bureau her name is part of a
long roll call of victims of the regime
in December 1988 Pan Am flight 103
exploded over the Scottish town of
Lockerbie
killing 270 people Gaddafi was blamed
and in 1992 the UN imposed sanctions on
his country in spite of Gaddafi's
reputation many of the world's leaders
beat a path to his famous tent now
abandoned and forlorn after an attack by
NATO on his farm near Tripoli that he
presided over the world's eighth largest
oil reserves may have had something to
do with their willingness to deal with
him in March 2004 having decided that
Gaddafi was once again a man with whom
the West could do business Tony Blair
made his way to Gaddafi's tent
it was strange given the history to come
here and do this and I understand by
people that will say well how is it that
you can sit down the colonel cannot be
given the pass I am conscious of the
pain of people who have suffered as a
result of terrorist actions in the past
must feel but my answer to that is
because I have an overriding duty to try
and preserve and enhance the security of
my country and of the wider world and if
I can do that by bringing about genuine
change then we should do it Tony Blair
our prime minister I went to Tripoli
just as sort of an international reward
to them to the brother leader for
announcing his intention to give up
weapons of mass destruction and during
that visit there he announced at the
press conference
I'm he'll be appointing a defense a
coordinator to establish a relationship
between Libya and the United Kingdom
particularly in the defense's Kotov
hills and that was me and that was the
first I'd heard of it somebody
telephoned me and said hey
you wanted in Tripoli John made a book
of light while Sir bees flight was being
booked and Blair has been taken to see
the u.s. bombed compound at Babel as
easier some Libyans were wondering how
they could ever get rid of Gaddafi now
that he was the West's new best friend
in the new on taunt Cordiale some things
hadn't changed at all that site is
almost there
this website has never been lightened at
all she'll cry Elsa hill is a jewelry
manufacturer in 2004 he was arrested
after trying to set up his own human
rights organization to help the hundreds
of political prisoners held in Abu Salim
jail in Tripoli and they put me in
solitary confinement for one and a half
years when they started interrogating me
they used all sorts of torture I know
hitting with cables and they even
threatened me with electric shocks after
several weeks in an interrogation Center
shukri was then sent without trial to
join the political prisoners he was
campaigning for in Abu Salim prison with
me of all sorts of things I spent there
one and a half years this solitary
confinement but you may recover
physically but you will never recover
[Music]
that Gaddafi's regime used terror and
torture against its opponents was common
knowledge but world leaders were
prepared to turn a blind eye in return
for him agreeing to renounce his weapons
of mass destruction they decided to be
good boys and we will bring them in and
that's what we do and it was quite clear
that there was a genuine hostility fear
and suspicion on their part we didn't
actually believe anything they said you
know because we'd been groomed not to
believe anything they said and whenever
you also been groomed specifically into
the exact reasons why they have these
weapons of mass destruction wmg sort of
had them
but did they actually have them in 1992
after the Lockerbie bombing an arms
embargo had been imposed on Libya which
had left them short of conventional
weapons at that time Gaddafi had I think
two thousand main battle tanks and well
over three hundred four hundred combat
aircraft but they just wash it without
replacement parts and ammunition Libya
had no means of defending its borders
against its neighbors unable to access
conventional weapons his only option was
to develop a nuclear arms program and
then when the Libyan said to me in the
end said you've got to understand the
reason why we had the they call it the
weapon the first deterrent to protect
ourselves and I actually believed them
because when they gave me their shopping
list of stuff that they wanted as a
reward for giving up a WMD it was mostly
defensive stuff was air defense the
Libyan offer to give up weapons of mass
destruction was a sham as with Saddam
Hussein there were no such weapons I
think they try very hard I think they
try to make things fly would go a few
yards and then suddenly explode or turn
around and head straight back towards
them and I have no knowledge of any
biological program even as men like
Searby did what they had to do on behalf
of their governments posturing both
military and commercial links with
Gaddafi it seemed like his son and heir
apparent Saif al-islam represented a
better chance of reform and real change
certainly safe appeared to say all the
right things in this now ironic video
uploaded to the web by the LSE in 2010
first I would outline the major
challenges we face in our reform process
in Libya as we move from a managed
society to a free society people really
thought he was going to lead on the
modernization Human Rights written
constitution and then suddenly his smack
down by his father and even though there
was a cold blast of reality for all the
internal repression for all the renewed
links with Western leaders Gaddafi's
days were numbered on the 21st of
February five days after the original
uprising Gaddafi made the first of many
bizarre appearances on Libyan state TV
he appeared confused
the betrayals had already begun his
inner circle was already beginning to
crack earlier that day his Justice
Minister Mustafa Abdul Jalil had
resigned he'd been sent to Benghazi to
negotiate the release of hostages taken
by rebels he remembers watching
Gaddafi's reaction on TV separate but
focused at Al Gore's colony can I am
certain he was ever Gaddafi's son Saif
al-islam once portrayed as the hope of
liberal democracy rallied to support his
father so but at the same time Major
General Fatih Yunus the head of the army
had served Gaddafi for forty years also
resigned his revolution lasted only five
months he was killed in July though the
identities and motives of his killers
are still being investigated his
second-in-command head of Special Forces
Brigadier General Abdul Salam o Hardy
was with him in February when they
decided to help the fighters in Benghazi
cocoon will occur lemmya however I had
the heaviest power they said in
fresh-cut Connecticut our ahkamaat is
NaN you are born asana for Cannella boot
daddy heavy at all and pocket Hanuman
[Music]
but Kenneth the floor attack tournament
mundo selenium the winner Sheena mahana
rockets which tada
in Tripoli retired colonel Greta was
watching events unfold on the streets of
Taj aura that's kind of my Chevy what
yes Lee around be around muscle agenda
didn't never heavily on Manhattan as
they have no doubt that by Arab family
come about that machine female Howard
Latin Lee you need not only be him you
swore it until we learn them by the news
you will be higher Latinas carryover
loss at high level denominator sellable
Qaddafi's public reaction was fury
forever but behind the scenes there was
panic as members of the regime tried
frantically to contact their old friends
in the UK to tell them that al Qaeda had
taken charge of the revolution
it seemed London had stopped taking
their calls
then a fax from a senior military figure
in Tripoli to a British intermediary
there's a sense of disbelief that the UK
had turned on Gaddafi what is the UK
thinking in the future this will be the
Tora Bora of Libya where al-qaeda will
gather their elements we know what would
happen why are you doing this
it said the killings in Benghazi had all
been a terrible mistake but some other
people with a different political agenda
so an opportunity to create chaos in a
large city like Benghazi but at the same
time in Tripoli Saif was on the streets
promising to arm his supporters it was
the same day that David Cameron proposed
the idea of a no-fly zone the battle was
about to get personal we are gonna sleep
this feel good I think we have to get
you as well we'll get you but we're
going to get you out for exactly a month
the people of Libya have been in open
rebellion against the 42 year rule of
Muammar Gaddafi but unlike Tunisia and
Egypt whose dictators buckled under the
pressure of people power Gaddafi's
regime decided to fight back against the
poorly equipped rebels then on the 17th
of March the United Nations announced
the imposition of a no-fly zone on Libya
the scales rapidly tilted the other way
first to prevent further attacks by
regime forces on Libyan citizens and
opposition groups especially in and
around Benghazi and second to degrade
the regime's capability to resist the
no-fly zone we're implementing next day
at the Rixos hotel in Tripoli in front
of the international media a shaken and
tired looking Foreign Minister Moussa
Koussa
declared a ceasefire
[Music]
[Applause]
well had any line under media after
Allah par abhishekam eager be on words
while he was saying that his guys were
pounding Misurata
to me Gaddafi's forces retreated
objective is to break up the coalition
to fracture it messages from Tripoli to
London were still being sent through
intermediaries in a fax intended for the
British Foreign Office from a senior
insider the regime raised doubts about
the relationship between the coalition
and the revolutionaries who will lead
this country rebels are only armed by
Kalashnikovs we can see this on TV which
suggests the West does not trust them
which makes us ask what are they doing
bye now power was shifting away from
Gaddafi his spokesman Moussa Ibrahim was
insisting the coalition was acting
illegally by overstepping the terms of
UN resolution 1973 which only gave the
coalition a mandate to protect civilians
the airstrikes are providing air cover
for the rebels to advance southward to
do what zaevion
this is immoral illegal it was not
authorized by the Security Council NATO
know this very well
Western governments know this make no
mistake the regime feared that as well
as putting planes in the air the
coalition would soon be putting boots on
the ground I'm sure was discussed and
and I'm sure it was discarded at a very
early stage not least because there is a
phobia in that country in that far the
world you might say against foreign
intervention much of it has been
instilled in people's minds by the
yeah by the leader of this year saying
you know that West is terrible is
situating to recolonize and take all
your energy away from you but to NATO's
delight practical support from the Arab
world was forthcoming as Qatar threw its
weight and not inconsiderable wealth
behind the anti-gaddafi campaign the the
strong impression we got was that Qatar
wanted to make sure that that this
actually worked and accordingly were
looking to back and support those who
were most capable of delivering then on
the 30th of March came what seemed a
major victory for Gaddafi's opponents
there was an announcement from the
British Foreign Office Musa Kusa Libya's
foreign minister and for 40 years one of
Gaddafi's in a circle arrived in England
by private plane from Tunis his
resignation shows that Gaddafi's regime
which has already seen significant
defections to the opposition is
fragmented under pressure and crumbling
from within
Gaddafi must be asking himself who will
be the next to abandon him kusa had
resigned rather than defected but
Tripoli was still in a state of denial
well mr. Moussa Koussa asked for a sick
leave because he was exhausted
physically since he arrived in Tunisia a
day after we didn't have any
communications with him we understand
now that he resigned from his position
that's his personal decision
when it became known the British
government had sent a private jet to
bring Musa Kusa into London then
eventually released him to Qatar rather
than detaining him for crimes against
humanity some would conclude that he'd
been a British double agent all along
even as he supervised torture in
Gaddafi's prisons music is oh he could
be seen by us in two ways one it was he
was one of those very small group of
people around Gaddafi who supported him
and made the regime work and we knew and
Musa Kusa had a past and I have to say
you know his eyes are cold and they look
right they bore right through you there
aren't many people have got eyes like
his you know we were aware that this
background of course we were we were
looking lives to how to build on the
relationship working on the basis that
Gaddafi's moved to a more rational world
could be continued and then of course
things began to fall apart at the same
time we were aware that in terms of
moving things forward to do with warming
the relationship with the West and
things like that he said that he was
quite forward-looking that we will
always assume that was the case we spoke
to Moussa Koussa clearly quite
extensively on its coming to the United
Kingdom of course he was asked about
Gaddafi's situation demeanor and and
everything else and his information was
used as best as possible to further the
cause of the the UN resolution I never
thought he
retard him if I think he prefers to use
the word withdraws services rather than
the blunt defect he's smart enough to
know that it's over and maybe it's time
to get out of it
three days after he arrived in Britain
mysteriously Musa Kusa was permitted to
leave for Doha where he was installed in
a luxury hotel albeit under guard by the
government of Qatar as head of
intelligence for Gaddafi when Lockerbie
took place and ambassador in London when
Yvonne Fletcher was shot why wasn't he
arrested when he came to the UK what
grounds could hold him
we've got no evidence that we think
you're a shit
so we're games would say um so I'm we're
gonna lock you up throw the key away
because we know you were bad we we say
why he must been Bob Locke because he
was the intelligence head they mustn't
he must have known doesn't it affect you
in a British Court but even though he
can let go for the revolutionaries the
effect of this high-level defection was
tangible
after Musa Kusa
things really changed the government is
not thinking straight anymore his
majesty and his power is not intact
anymore
as more insiders defected Gaddafi hits
back
how many teddy the iron that it would
walk the I natural Harbor button routine
kuvira
I'm Susan Bob and I not even a Zia why
not there were a lot of panic they were
falling bill you know people I know here
for instance in the UK asking for
assistance asking to try to smuggle them
out and and they were panicking they
were it was it was a struggle within the
capital at the Pearson area best moment
the salami yeah I'm gonna be able to
bother Jennifer Doudna old loyalties
were being used in other ways too many
Libyan military officers have worked
with the British during the years of
repression or chemical a yellow card
Mahajan of Liberty funny while cannot
have a look at the Kabala mile journey
but if a nice wife Olivia Olivia Ponyo
with this history it was an easy step
for the revolutionaries on the ground to
form a close relationship with NATO so
close that NATO denies it look at Kenna
a Taiwan NATO member learn and and
hundred joke of the NATO connect
whenever do a little help but wonder how
many Yeti Libya but down at mana were
here with pioneer of Rollins away Italia
were even Canada naked with him with the
Haida became an ugly house despite the
close relationship the revolutionaries
were often frustrated by NATO strict
rules of in
the people in the later and that were
were were paranoid about civilian
casualties and they were worried that
might be a Gaddafi set up saying whether
there are four tanks there are four
tanks on my lawn then they discover that
actually that when we bombed it that
it's a school has full of children
unless you saw a target right out in the
open with no danger of hitting anybody
we weren't allowed to engage it the
decision-making process within NATO also
led to delays in responding to the
revolutionaries requests to attack a
target took a very long time there
anything to happen he said cool
immediate active alternate 15 f7 barbel
that will have 15 F service Borah but
cannellini to an alum who played at the
terminal and unlike I can understand
besides I've noticed an if you're
sitting down in South south of tripoli
ins in tan and you could hold your
mobile only bring out the foreign ops in
london which they don't understand they
were doing the crisis center saying
there are four tanks parked on my lawn
when you can please come and bomb them
that there was seemed to be no reaction
on May the 1st Gaddafi's youngest son
Saif al-arab and three grandchildren
were reported dead killed in a NATO
airstrike the libyan state TV station
still under Gaddafi's control broadcast
graphic scenes that it alleged were
innocent casualties of NATO airstrikes
Gaddafi's propaganda machine was running
at full speed so this was a war of words
to the media very well indeed
in a country was rarely allows in
international press represented him to
his country he invited the lot in put
them all up at the Rixos Hotel in
Tripoli and takes him and everywhere
they would say they're not they're not
being used by him and I would say they
are on the 13th of June in one of the
more bizarre events of the war
Gaddafi appeared at the Rixos to play
chess against the Russian President of
the World Chess Federation none of the
media knew Gaddafi was in the building
until they saw him on state TV but as
the weeks passed and Ramadan approached
the talk was not of checkmate but as
stalemate those talk of negotiation and
perhaps a way out I was not aware of any
any direct process but I will be amazed
if there if there weren't but was it
offered to him through some sort of
process I'm sure it must have been
because it would have been a rational
thing to do him leaving the situation
would have saved civilians would deal
and canonic shut us off
by the middle of August Gaddafi had
disappeared from TV and was heard only
via infrequent radio broadcasts we now
know that he was on the run living house
to house street to street increasingly
isolated I think was fighting I think
that it has been hiding for months and
months that has predicted nothing there
is no every sailor who has ever seen him
waving his clash of officers is saying
come on guys they were the top follow me
but Gaddafi was still holding on and
there was concern that the constant
pounding by NATO hadn't dislodged him
from power
and we thought that at that moment we
thought okay maybe it's more emotional
for Gaddafi when he sees the walls for
de Blasio's fell fell down and he will
feel that okay it's getting it's getting
away out of his hands
I think the walls were hit in me but
okay actually didn't work out
he held on stronger on the eve of the
storming of Tripoli Hisham bahagia and
Alma Guerra were on their way from the
western mountains with a people's army
of volunteers on the 22nd of August Saif
al-islam appeared on TV outside the
Rixos hotel the sight of safe at Liberty
had a galvanizing effect on the
revolutionaries
a divorce if you think Elena at our
Xavier detective work Mohammed are hadoo
not a month under Afton desire we need
to work the she left my dad
[Music]
Apple huh can Bell Hodge was one of the
rebel leaders who made it into the
compound the next day but as Tripoli
fell into opposition hands the regime
was still taking time for revenge near
the barracks where Gaddafi's son Camus
was based a group of a hundred and fifty
three political detainees were being
held
rather than freedom orders were given to
kill them
[Music]
Bashir al Germany had been detained by
Gaddafi on and off for years he'd been
held in this makeshift prison for three
months several minute I didn't listen
if I do the organism that very limited
minutes the valium of the Fuhrer ensure
she has in federal term ikemen an Athlon
measured so does another the regime was
in flight but not before it had killed
65 people bad huh determined was limited
Fe Manzano at you
within 48 hours of the massacre Tripoli
was in the hands of the revolutionaries
the two are while Libyan celebrated
unknown to the revolutionaries Gaddafi
had retreated to his hometown of sit
most of his family had fled to Algeria
and measure or been killed
Saif al-islam had disappeared - no one
knew where the leader was but the hunt
was on to find him there had been
exceptionally fierce fighting around a
small area of cert which aroused the
interest of the fighters
what can relax tonight if you hadn't
with the slim organic effort near on a
sheltered in had enhanced metal
evolution it indeed men walk Poliquin
Kentish anatomical neck Lac in the fever
grab by the tab one swarm did karate
only latina lady Monica on October the
20th a large convoy of vehicles try to
break through the revolutionaries now
surrounding the area
kind of thought over there the morality
can with that I will be here
NATO hit the convoy first with a US
drone and then with a French led
airstrike there was still no indication
of who their quarry really was then I
had cause of they had a rotten
cantaloupe whatever in the anime version
Fuji booted in the fish here
particularly is he talked about smoking
out the rats and cockroaches some months
after nine months of bloodshed chaos and
revolution the game was finally up for
more Marga dha'fi I saw it on YouTube
[Music]
but Gaddafi was to receive no mercy
within hours he was dead
shocked by one or more of his captors I
think Gaddafi was caught there's a lot
of intelligence with the intelligence
had to do with tapping phone numbers I
know as the last basic thing be in a
place which he couldn't escape back
desperation by the desperation or the
other way they really were had deluded
himself that the victory would come his
way in the end and that the whole thing
would end essentially with Gaddafi now
dead two remaining names on the
international criminal courts wanted
list
his son Saif al-islam and his
intelligence chief Abdullah Senussi was
still at large
[Music]
a month later Saif al-islam was ambushed
and captured while heading to the border
with Nagar betrayed by the man hired to
guide him safely out of Libya and
jealous little sweetie
where you should fear I can help Timmy
the guide known as Yusuf had already
agreed a trap with members of the Zintan
Brigade who were lying in wait
Quentin are Sierra Buddha cannot be
elected mayor your party at House of
Hospital syphilis learn the character CR
Daniel yama varriya saiful islam dr
healthy by Mustafa pumpkin natira
after a taquito when they reached the
pre-arranged place in the desert the
revolutionaries opened fire worried
about the people why or what we're gonna
hold a horrible
[Music]
once in custody Saif al-islam was flown
to Xin tan in the western mountains
he's now expected to be tried for war
crimes in Libya the Gaddafi regime may
be gone forever it's trapping souvenirs
for booty hunters but the future of
Libya is still uncertain looking back
though
could there have been another way with
less bloodshed and destruction a
negotiated end well I could kind of hear
shots connoisseurship
or soft willow - I managed to me I do
with immersion I'd do a lot of me have
you not met with Obama and let me hakuna
matata the heavy head to Medicare
Parishad so the car they hear the
valiant I relate to the pool they
understand that we wouldn't be history
shows leaders at their last moments
still believe the division of Panthers
is going to appear from nowhere people
have to be in the stage in denial
any more heavy sauce enough sir yes are
they saying
IBM s AMF senior
he was facing his own people rejecting
him but after 40 years that must have
been a psychological step he couldn't
take
[Music]
Sanji said my son have a good hand yes
everyone - a - a - I believe instead of
a goodish I believe you shampoo me - and
helped me a lot and he getting up
piglets have another shop we had button
there my weight
wash my thing
[Music]